we've got our hands on this year's most
anticipated new devices meet the new
Samsung Galaxy s6 and the s6 edge let's
compare them to Lashes s5 to find out
what's new we'll kick off with the
design samsung has really pulled out all
the stops with the s6 with the seamless
full metal and glass design that's right
glass gone is the unpopular plastic back
of the s5 replace with something that
looks and feels like a proper premium
smartphone should the screen is the same
size as last year's at 5.1 inches but
this time it's a superb quad HD Super
AMOLED display the difference is quite
remarkable sharp crystal clear images
with beautiful lifelike colors the s6
edge has a screen with a dual curve this
adds some really unique functionality
giving you a subtle new where to check
who's calling texting or emailing inside
both devices is a world-first processor
that's quite simply the world's fastest
it produces far more power than you'll
ever conceivably use there today but
it's a fantastic addition if you love
gaming it processes information faster
and more efficiently so you use less
battery speaking of battery the galaxy
s6 comes with a fast charger in the box
which lets you watch 2 hours of HD video
from just a 10 minute charge and there's
also a built-in wireless charging to
finally whether you're into taking
selfies or sunsets the s6 offers an
enhanced camera experience on the back
is the same 16 megapixel you're finally
s5 but there's also new optical image
stabilization fast tracking autofocus
and a bigger aperture meaning your
nighttime images will look considerably
better on the front there's a new 5
megapixel camera plus both cameras
launched at a record time of point 7
seconds so they're ready for action the
moment you are
some songs have generally simplified the
f6 experience making the formula complex
user interface a lot more user-friendly
than the s5 plus it comes loaded with
the latest Android software lollipop so
you can get all the cool new features
from that up there - this is a great new
design from the team at Samsung and if
you contemplating an upgrade from your
current s5 or any other Samsung device
you won't be disappointed
if you like what you see then the new
Samsung Galaxy s6 and s6 edge will be
available soon at parkour warehouse
register now at Carrefour warehouse.com
define our web + subscribe to this
channel for more comparisons and reviews
of the new s6